Added db credentials by Spring (#33)
ExpediaGroup/apiary-lifecycle: README.md

Includes support for deploying Beekeeper on ECS and Kubernetes. Also includes deployment scripts for a Lambda which notifies Slack when Beekeeper's dead letter queue receives a message (this module is not required to run Beekeeper).

## Dependencies

> A database password defined in in `aws-secrets-manager`. The terraform module will use that password for the database (see property `db_password_key`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A database password is defined in `aws-secrets-manager`. The terraform module will use that password for the database (see property `db_password_key`).
```

> A database password is defined in `aws-secrets-manager`. The terraform module will use that password for the database (see property `db_password_key`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A database password is defined in `aws-secrets-manager`. The terraform module will use that password for the database (see property `k8s_db_password_secret `).

```
?
